Reapply "clean up a2ui extension spec (#2000)" (#2006) (#2017)
google/A2UI: specification/v0_9/docs/a2ui_extension_specification.md

## Overview

This document is intended for developers implementing the A2UI A2A extension. The extension adds A2UI v0.9 support to A2A, a format for agents to send streaming, interactive user interfaces to clients.

> Note that A2UI extension activation is optional as clients and agents can negotiate A2UI support using A2A `message.metadata["a2uiClientCapabilities"]` which is attached to every A2A message from the client and contains the supported protocol version and catalogs. Agents advertising A2UI support in their AgentCard is encouraged as clients may rely on it to determine if they should send `message.metadata["a2uiClientCapabilities"]`, however it is not explicitly required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that A2UI extension activation is optional as clients and agents can negotiate A2UI support using A2A `message.metadata["a2uiClientCapabilities"]` which is attached to every A2A message from the client and contains the supported protocol version and catalogs. Agents which advertise A2UI support in their AgentCard are encouraged, as clients may rely on it to determine if they should send `message.metadata["a2uiClientCapabilities"]`, however it is not explicitly required.
```

Author: i think active voice is right here

> Note that A2UI extension activation is optional as clients and agents can negotiate A2UI support using A2A `message.metadata["a2uiClientCapabilities"]` which is attached to every A2A message from the client and contains the supported protocol version and catalogs. Agents advertising A2UI support in their AgentCard is encouraged as clients may rely on it to determine if they should send `message.metadata["a2uiClientCapabilities"]`, however it is not explicitly required.

Reviewer: So, if extension activation is entirely optional, what benefits does it add, and when should/must it be activated?  This section is making me ask "Why bother even having an A2A extension if there's no need to use it?"

Author: let's formally drop it in v1.0? a lot of clients/agents are using in .9
